alright guys this is my 2nd video review
unboxing another item I bought it from
NCIX
so here we go it's actually packed into
this really interesting package I've
never seen anything like that for my
couple years experience buying an MCI ex
just saying something like you know if
you have a kids don't let them touch it
and although stuff like that I just
speaker I bought here
pretty sure it's bigger looks pretty
nice bigger and I was going to give it
to someone from their birthday party but
then kind of missed so this is item here
looks like this guy's right
or the USB I'll check
I kind of helped a laptop a little bit
and the cool thing is actually I can
plug in anything
it was USB port so you can actually get
something like your mp3 player or like
an iPod a sound like that it works that
as well it looks pretty nice it looks
like kind of like like a cannon but I
kind of like it it's kind of shoot out
sound it's pretty cool
apparently Oh laughter computer like
your laptop 2.5 times longer sorry the
volume is 2.5 tests
louder and then it's plug and play
there's no battery so it kind of rents
your battery a little bit faster if
you're on if you're a laptops on battery
so yeah this is pretty big I was saying
doesn't it look so well it's like really
cheap stuff like 12 bucks or something
the NSU SB is very simple it looks
better on pictures like those burgers
you bought from McDonald's and stuff
like that so yeah how its open this even
I want to turn this you know what it's
good I want to change stuff and let's
open this up
yeah there's all right there the first
thing first
it will want to see so
thirty-five reasons crank up the volume
I'm a promoter music mp3 available for
as low as 50 cents per track how can
compete with I tune with that pressure
don't be audiobook today look at the
audio book
hey personalize it Wow even this you can
personalize this
yeah so you can plugging an iPod in here
for sure this is your standard user menu
or warranty guidance whatever it is a
little menu right here you plug in your
USB you're up the volume very easy like
Windows 95 style pretty cool a lot thing
is a warranty court alright yeah that's
it all right now let's look at the main
thing that why we bought this product
for it's a product that looks like wow
so there's another like boxing page they
can tell looks like this looks
interesting like triple boxing and stuff
like that
there are over this collection whoa
Wow especially this cat
yeah
here's the thing they can't like like
that now this is whole thing
your coals are look here
speaker side
I think you can open up or something
this is for analysis for
collecting places here's a light now you
need to tell you the solid on and off so
you have this is it you just feel like
it's kind of short but you can sneak in
the bottom so it's just kind of nice and
just like
and then all today look at that design
huh be nice it pull it back
back to it very nice okay
Hey so this is good actually for the
sound of loud or something okay
all right
let's play music
see
this will be a lot of you guys alright
let it down and out know about it
I'll bad guy plug-and-play it's really
easy it's really simple
it's kind of cool it doesn't even really
you can sign your driver I kind like
that so that's what I think really good
yeah so that's it my unboxing of this
really interesting speaker very low-end
look but it does have a really
interesting function like you can put
this thing here you know and especially
especially Mac Mike
yes looks really cheap it doesn't look
that good it looks ugly actually to be
honest when I open this one
and I can't figure out what this one
does
specialist
hi so this is something just to me does
this do oh so you can't like I like a
strain right here
I don't really do anything but yeah it
has really good volume and yeah this is
really nice nice little thing so little
bit the cool the cool speaker we have
here you guys like it good exact and
have a look at it
don't you got to apply it oh by the way
I'm not advertising for them it's just
that they have amazing deals for those
stuff yeah this is it
I guess we're watching you enjoyed it
I'm nice day